Bernie we need you
Hello ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the right opinion the home of a twat with too much free time and today
I lamented I lamented on the mess that was the first and second debates
Which I was far too nice on them in my reaction well the first one at least which I reacted to lively
I mean I do stand by one of the statements that I don't think that there was any clear winner strangely enough one of the
Comments I made was that I think Trump edged it
I wasn't thinking completely straight at the time
But actually as the polls came in despite all the pundits remarks that Hillary won people tended to prefer Trump
Americans in general tend to prefer someone with a bit more bombast in these debates
Which is why despite all his interrupting bumbling and fumbling he still came out on top of the electorate which is crazy
How has it come to this Hillary? How could you let that happen?
I made a video earlier this year concerning Hillary Clinton some of my apprehensions surrounding her
I'd like to make an apology because I seriously underplayed some of those apprehensions because she is just terrible an
Internet memes of her destroying Trump supposedly is not going to change people's minds
Despite all the scandals and issues that Trump is involved in she still fails to capitalize
It's incredible how incompetent she genuinely is and it made me think
Made me genuinely think where is Bernie
Bernie you were good. You were not just good. You were great
You were a person with a genuine belief in helping people you were thrashing Republicans in the polls
And now we've come to here with Hillary who flip-flops more than a pair of fucking sandals yet
She received endorsements from many supposedly progressive figures despite not being trustworthy to represent the people and this can be demonstrated
Demonstrated and to demonstrate that I've got my good friend and animator, mr.
Codswallop to put on a little show on some of Hillary's history. Take it away my friend
Welcome to the
1960s there was a major movement in the
1960s done if you've heard of it's called the civil rights movement and this was a gigantic step forward to end
Segregation in the United States, but I bet you're wondering how was it?
We'll add to Bernie Sanders and Hillary. Well, listen here you little bitch while I slap some fucking knowledge in your brain
So Bernie Sanders, you know who he is took the part of leading a group in Chicago University to protest against racial discrimination
And segregation in the university housing and this stunning young chap is Bernie, by the way
He took part in many protests in Chicago and stood by the side of Martin Luther King an absolute beautiful man
Kiss you
However, there's always the cunt to the story and his name is Barry Goldwater who was a Republican presidential candidate
Who was against putting an end to racial segregation as a whole bit of a wank if you ask me
So where was the dribbling wrench Hillary Clinton during all of this? Well, she was
Campaigning for Barry Goldwater, of course. I was a Goldwater girl. You know what that means
Yeah, she was she was a Republican at the time. She was a Republican
Pay that as you will
He had to research that shit to make that animation so go and give him some credit on his channel
I cannot praise him enough. I'll leave his link in the description as well Hillary landed under gunfire
She always believed in gay marriage her emails were a mistake and she always carries around hot sauce with her
There were just a few of her
Transparent lies that everyone saw through and yet she still won enough delegates despite being about as desirable as a vasectomy
To all those fellow keyboard warriors. I see out there
Bernie was a good man. He was on the right side of history. He was right about civil rights
He was right about the Iraq war and he was right about many of his policies about free tuition universal health care all
Initiatives that have proven to work well in different parts of the world
Yet Democrats have shot themselves in the foot with this nomination a person who makes the mistakes and then apologizes after
Hillary it'd be better if you didn't make the mistakes in the first place. I miss Bernie
He brought a passion and experience unmatched
He was extremely popular in swing states and would have been able to bring a left-leaning populism
Desperately yearned for by the public all over the world when people say they're surprised that Trump is doing strongly
I tell them I'm not Clinton is a puppet propelled by those who are only driven by the means of self-interest
In this political climate of angst annoyance of politicians Bernie would have slayed but there's not much we can do about it now
Once again, I'd like to thank mr. Codswallop and I implore you to check out his channel
He does a lot of interesting animation. I have complete respect for him given how hard it often is
I hope to report on some less frustrating news next time but until then I'm the right opinion. Fuck me. Not America
I
Just woke up on days that my afros not to reach under my mattress to grab my stash